[no-ci] Clarify revert handling in release branches (#112262)
pytorch/pytorch: RELEASE.md

**NOTE**: The cherry pick process is not an invitation to add new features, it is mainly there to fix regressions

### Cherry Picking Reverts

If PR that has been cherry-picked into release branch has been reverted, it's cherry-pick must be reverted as well.

> Reverts for changes that was commited into the main branch priot to the branch, must be propagated into release branch as well.

Reviewer: Minor typos:

```suggestion
Reverts for changes that was committed into the main branch prior to the branch cut, must be propagated into release branch as well.
```
